README.md, before:

[![Build status](https://dev.azure.com/ikemtz/NRSRx/_apis/build/status/NRSRx-Core-CI)](https://dev.azure.com/ikemtz/NRSRx/_build/latest?definitionId=3)
[![Vulnerabilities Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NRSRx&metric=vulnerabilities "Vulnerabilities Badge")
![Security Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NRSRx&metric=security_rating "Security Badge")
![Coverage Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NRSRx&metric=coverage "Coverage Badge")
![Maintainability Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NRSRx&metric=sqale_rating "Maintainability Badge")
![Alert Status Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NRSRx&metric=alert_status "Alert Status Badge")](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=NRSRx)
# NurseCron Services

Work still in progress.  This is an end to end solution that is illustrates the usage of the NRSRx microservice chassis.  If you're looking to start implementing an event driven microservice architecture, then look no further.

Features:
WebApi,
OData,
OAuth2,
Docker,
Swagger,
Unigration testing

Commit message:

Working on Build Process (#10)
* Adding Units DB

* Small Amount of restructuring

* Adding UnitDb tests

* Massive Refactoring and addition of unit and schedule microservices

* Adding YAML build definitions for Schedule and Unit Microservices

* Applying project Guids

* Updating SonarCloud Project Names

* Updating Readme

README.md, after:

# NurseCron Services

Work still in progress.  This is an end to end solution that is illustrates the usage of the NRSRx libraries.  If you're looking to start implementing an event driven microservice architecture, then look no further.

Features:
WebApi,
OData,
OAuth2,
Docker,
Swagger,
Unigration testing

## NurseCRON Certification MicroService
## NurseCRON Competency MicroService
## NurseCRON Employees MicroService
## NurseCRON HealthItems MicroService
## NurseCron Schedules MicroService
## NurseCRON Units MicroService
[![Build Status](https://ikemtz.visualstudio.com/Devops/_apis/build/status/NurseCron/NurseCron%20Units%20Microservice?branchName=master)](https://ikemtz.visualstudio.com/Devops/_build/latest?definitionId=39&branchName=master)
[![Vulnerabilities Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NurseCron_Units&metric=vulnerabilities "Vulnerabilities Badge")
![Security Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NurseCron_Units&metric=security_rating "Security Badge")
![Coverage Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NurseCron_Units&metric=coverage "Coverage Badge")
![Maintainability Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NurseCron_Units&metric=sqale_rating "Maintainability Badge")
![Alert Status Badge](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=NurseCron_Units&metric=alert_status "Alert Status Badge")](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=NurseCron_Units)
